# ChainSpoT
ChainSpoT is a GUI portable windows desktop application that -theoretically- can connect an unlimited number of devices and with unlimited coverage area without any network infrastructure, just by your wireless network card. It can manage wireless cards to automatically connect Wi-Fi or open a chain of hotspots with specific names. The Master who starts the network opens his hotspot and the other clients connect to it. But windows hotspot has a limited connected number (8 devices). So, if we want to overcome this, we need to make a tree of hotspots which will make every device in this tree will connect to the hotspot of someone at a higher level of the tree and this device will create another branch of this tree by opening hotspot too in his device and so on. The name of the device's hotspot is used for passing information between nodes of the network and newcomer devices which not connected to the network and cannot receive information from the network yet. These names will make the newcomer decide which is the best node to connect with it. ChainSpoT has a chat application embedded inside it as a proof of concept and to show the tree and statistics of this tree to the user to monitor and troubleshoot the network. Every device in the network can see the master device. Any number of servers can be opened in the master device and every node can communicate with each other through the master server. Any LAN application can work in the ChainSpoT network.
## Documentation Book
[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jecJxJsFqiOfpqYK2qD89N3lg3wBd4-S/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=106139190130153946465&rtpof=true&sd=true)
## Presentation
[link](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mRuuO_m6rHQws5O65BfBgHFcW3Grhnpo/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=106139190130153946465&rtpof=true&sd=true)